Hahahaha hey
What an idle melon seed
Can these people use their brains when you speak?
Mr. Yang, what is freedom?
Did you call it over if you could?
So I called him.
How are you?
If you call me over, do whatever you want
I want you to quit Huaxin International
The teacher next door to us is in big trouble
They are from Huaxin International
We can't afford to mess with
Now I know what happened.
But here's what I'm telling you.
You, your shitty company and him
Damn
You said that.
What's the matter, sir?
I'm at the Breeze Hotel
Come here, good master
I didn't expect you to be quite capable of acting
If it weren't for the fact that we all know your poor confidence
I'm going to believe it
Who are you?
What is their identity?
You don't even know how to die
It was a misunderstanding today.
how
It's too late now.
One of you counts as one
No one can run away today
Yuanzhou, you are so loud